h1. Flash Messages Helper

A configurable Ruby on Rails view helper for displaying html flash messages in your Rails applications.

h2. Recent Changes

* 0.2.0
** Added a proper configuration DSL
** html_safe called on the output if available

h2.  Install as a Ruby Gem

<pre>gem install flash_messages_helper</pre>

h3. Rails 2

p. Then add the following line to your _environment.rb_

<pre>config.gem 'flash_messages_helper'</pre>

h3. Rails 3

p. Add the following to your _Gemfile_
<pre>gem 'flash_messages_helper'</pre>


h2. Installation as a Ruby on Rails Plugin

<pre>./script/plugin install git://github.com/mdeering/flash_messages_helper.git</pre>

h2. Usage

Once you have installed it as a plugin/gem in your rails app usage is simple. Just call the flash_messages function within you Rails view file

<pre>= flash_messages</pre>

h2. Configuration

h3. Changing the default id of the flash elements

By default the id of the flash message element will come through as flash-_error-type_

* flash-error
* flash-notice
* flash-warning
* _ect..._

To change this use the _dom_id_ configuration attribute.

<pre><code># config/initializers/flash_messages_helper.rb
FlashMessagesHelper.configure do |config|
  config.dom_id = lambda { |key| "#{key}-message" }
end
</code></pre>

A _error_ message will now displayed with the dom element id of _error-message_ rather then _flash-error_ throughout the application

<pre><div class="error" id="error-message">There was an error!</div></pre>

h3. Changing the default class of the flash elements

By default the class of the flash message element will come through as _error-type_

* error
* notice
* warning
* _ect..._

To change this use the _css_class_ configuration attribute.

<pre><code># config/initializers/flash_messages_helper.rb
FlashMessagesHelper.configure do |config|
  config.css_class = lambda { |key| "#{key} dismissible" }
end
</code></pre>

A _error_ message will now displayed with the dom element class of _error dismissible rather then _error_ throughout the application

<pre><div class="error dismissible" id="flash-error">There was an error!</div></pre>

h3. Changing the default html tag type of the flash elements

As a default the html tag used to wrap the flash messages is a div element.  This can be easily globally changed with the following setting.

<pre><code># config/initializers/flash_messages_helper.rb
FlashMessagesHelper.configure do |config|
  config.wrapper = :p
end
</code></pre>

With the above setting flash messages will be wrapped inside of a paragraph tag rather then a div.

<pre><p class="error" id="flash-error">There was an error!</p></pre>

h2. Credits

p. Copyright (c) 2011 "Michael Deering(Ruby on Rails Development Edmonton)":http://mdeering.com, released under the MIT license
